What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
It creates a system that allows to store a history of metadata about the
changes in the project. We need to do this so we could start making changes
and submit commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
Working directory contains all the files vs. the staging area where files
are added manually. By adding a file manually, we can bundle logical changes
that were made on multiple files as a commit focusing only on them.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
 change?
 I can add manually only add files that are logically related to the change.

 What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
 organized? How would branches help?
 Situations where an experimental feature is to be developed and tested can use
 the branches concept as we can revert to the main master branch in case things
 don't work out. Branches might also be useful when translating app (we still
 would like to use the main branch for development).

 How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
 Diagrams can display the connections between different branches and commits and
 point to the position of a certain commit, relative to another one.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
The changes introduce in each branch are merged using a strategy where they
are compared to their parent commit (so the process uses the knowledge of which
lines were removed so that it won't reintroduce them in the merge). Representing
it in a diagram gives us an idea of how much each branch has progressed and
 changed and might and gives us an indication of whether to make the merge the
 way we first intended.

 What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
 manually?
 Pros:
 Saves time as opposed to doing it manually
 Cons:
 The process might introduce mistakes or changes that we didn't take into
 account because the human does not make the review. There might be things
 we wouldn't like to merge but will get introduced anyway into the code
 because we didn't review the two commits beforehand. 
